[Asset Processor] Document for the skipping startup scan mode (#2211)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/assets/asset-processor/skip-startup-scan.md

---
linkTitle: Skip Startup Scan
title: Asset Processor Skip Startup Scan
description: Skips startup checks for assets modified while Asset Processor was closed.
weight: 700
toc: true
---

> Skipping Startup Scan improves O3DE Editor's launch time if no assets are modified while Asset Processor was closed. You can switch startup scan modes at any time but need to restart Asset Processor for the change to take effects. Asset Processor saves your preference between sessions.

Reviewer: Maybe talk to the why, ie use this mode for code development workflows or use it only when you are sure you are not making asset changes or asset processing impacting changes. Its really an "expert" mode to aid code updating and debugging iteration times.

> Skipping Startup Scan improves O3DE Editor's launch time if no assets are modified while Asset Processor was closed. You can switch startup scan modes at any time but need to restart Asset Processor for the change to take effects. Asset Processor saves your preference between sessions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Skipping Startup Scan improves O3DE Editor's launch time if no assets are modified while Asset Processor was closed. You can switch startup scan modes at any time but need to restart Asset Processor for the change to take effect. Asset Processor saves your preferences between sessions.

```

When Skip Startup Scan is enabled:
1. Asset Processor skips startup checks on asset modifications after launch and enters the idle state directly.

> 2. O3DE Editor receives an message from Asset Processor which indicates that all the assets are ready to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. O3DE Editor receives a message from Asset Processor which indicates that all the assets are ready to use.
```

---
linkTitle: Skip Startup Scan
title: Asset Processor Skip Startup Scan
description: Skips startup checks for assets modified while Asset Processor was closed.
weight: 700
toc: true
---

Skipping Startup Scan improves O3DE Editor's launch time if no assets are modified while Asset Processor was closed. You can switch startup scan modes at any time but need to restart Asset Processor for the change to take effect. Asset Processor saves your preferences between sessions.

> Skipping Startup Scan is an expert mode that is designed for aiding code development workflows (e.g. code updating and debugging). Use it only when you are not modifying the asset processing pipeline or making asset content changes. Asset Processor will begin to watch for asset changes once it goes to the Idle state.

Reviewer 3: Some suggestions for style.

```suggestion
Skipping Startup Scan is intended to be an aid for rapid code iteration workflows (edit, build, and debug cycles, for example). Use it only when you aren't modifying the asset processing pipeline or making changes to source assets. Asset Processor watches for asset changes once it enters the Idle state.
```

When Skip Startup Scan is enabled:
1. Asset Processor skips startup checks on asset modifications after launch and enters the idle state directly.
2. O3DE Editor receives a message from Asset Processor which indicates that all the assets are ready to use.

> 3. O3DE Editor is unblocked to launch.

Reviewer: nit: Maybe add a line that AP will begin to watch for asset changes once it goes to Idle state?

Author: Just added the line.
